RDSC-1415: applier-should-use-keyspace-property-for-job-matching-in-cassandra (#2703)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rdi/data-transformation/examples/redis-hash-example.md

# Writing to a Redis hash

> In the example below, the data is captured from the source table named `invoice` and is written to the Redis database as a hash. The connection is an optional parameter that must refer to the corresponding connection name defined in `config.yaml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the below example, the data is captured from the source table named `invoice` and is written to the Redis database as a `hash`. The connection is an optional parameter that must refer to the corresponding connection name defined in `config.yaml`. 
```

When the `data_type` parameter is specified for the job, it overrides the system-wide setting `target_data_type` (defined in `config.yaml`). 

> In this case, the results will be Redis hashes with the key names constructed based on the key expression (e.g. `invoice_id:1`) and the expiration set to 100 seconds for each key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the results will be Redis hashes with keys based on the key expression (e.g. `invoice_id:1`) and the expiration set to 100 seconds for each key. 
```
